hey come on let's go I'll show you the
campus
[Music]
hey guys welcome to UVC so today I'll be
your tour guide and I'll show you the
whole campus including my personal
favorite faculty UVC Sadiq alright
so right now we're walking along the
main mall and if you imagine UVC as a
square me more is the center of it
this is where you walk along to get your
classes it takes around 20 minutes to
walk from one side to the other side
because UVC is kind of huge and the best
part about MIMO is that all these trees
are maple trees so in the fall they turn
into a bright red color UBC is named one
of the most beautiful campuses in North
America and I think Maemo is what makes
it beautiful
[Music]
ha
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah that's the pins
[Music]
yeah BC is sorry
[Applause]
so this is sorry this is my home my
second home this is where I have all my
classes basically except for so many
electives and what I love about this
place is everyone you dress so nicely
and everyone's so put together
it's business how you doing and
everybody's so goal-oriented yeah hello
yeah I just closed the deal so it's like
a big community of people striving
towards their goals
60 million dollars that YouTube money
come in and perfect okay see you next
Monday what's up dude
Hey so I just come out from class and
this is the first floor of solder this
is called a CPA Hall CPA meaning a
Chartered Accountants so living the
dream and this is where we have a cafe
and we can't hang out and have some
study pad all right let's go
[Music]
as I said UVC is huge and it takes like
20 minutes to get around so that's why I
have a boost of electric skateboard so I
can get to class
real quick so now we're at the UVC Ness
this is like building for everything we
have restaurants here we have classrooms
here we have study rooms here we have
you been rooms here and the best part is
this place is called the nest because we
got a bird's nest up there we can eat
lunch it's like a nice place just to
hang out I think wouldn't you be seized
aside in this place they really focus on
the community aspect it's about you you
see I gotta get honest here the food
options at UBC is suck because we have
cafeterias but only for first years in
the rez and what we have is just like a
bunch of random restaurants which are
expensive and the foods not that good so
that's a one bad thing about UBC but you
know I pack my own lunch so I got over
it
so now we're at the UBC rose garden it's
on the very West End
UBC campus to describe this place I drew
a little poem roses are red oceans are
blue I'll turn white and they're all
staring back at you but seriously though
I sometimes like to come here just to
relax a little bit
[Music]
and reflect on my life we grow and we
learn
[Music]
Oh a big thank you to light
forgiving us and when the time is right
and always they
just children
acting like a tower all crazy naive
Walden care
[Music]
so right now we're in the library and I
got a whisper because before studying
here I'm gonna take you to the best part
of uvcs library or just aren't Harry
Potter
cuz this room Alysha it looks like it's
from there will be every Potter's
[Music]
all right that's a campus store and I
want to thank you for coming along with
me today my name is Hafu Guo and if you
liked what you saw today please
subscribe like and comment and I'm gonna
be posting a lot more videos about
college life alright thank you
[Music]